We have a small problem with the with
the machine that we talked about in
hierarchical states.
So this works fine when we
have a hidden state and
we go to visible then we
switch between light and dark.
And so we're setting our preference
inside the visible state,
whether we want light mode or dark mode.
But the problem that you could see
in this chart is that when you turn
off the display, it goes to hidden and
when you turn on,
it goes directly to the light one.
So if you prefer dark mode, this gets
pretty annoying because you're gonna have
to keep switching back to dark mode.
And this isn't really favorable.
So what we could do instead
is introduced history states.
And so what this is saying is that
when we're in the hidden state and
be turned on event happens,
we go to visible.hist and so
we specified this hist as a history state,
this is just convention you
could call it whatever you want.
And what this is going to
say is go to the last,
the last visited child state
of this visible state.
So it the last date that we were in,
in this visible state was dark,
then when we turn off and
when we turn on again,
it's going to go back to dark
instead of directly to lights.
And that's what that history
state allows you to do.
History states are knots for going back
and forth between different states.
That's something that you
should use context for
history states are all about the last
visited child of a parent state.
So it's most useful for hierarchical and
parallel states which we're
going to talk about next.